Sync with k2 rnnt_loss (#4)
danpovey/fast_rnnt: README.md

### How to display installation log ?

Use

```
pip install --verbose fast_rnnt
```

### How to reduce installation time ?

Use

```
export FT_MAKE_ARGS="-j"
pip install --verbose fast_rnnt
```

It will pass `-j` to `make`.

### Which version of PyTorch is supported ?

It has been tested on PyTorch >= 1.5.0.

Note: The cuda version of the Pytorch should be the same as the cuda version in your environment,
or it will cause a compilation error.

### How to install a CPU version of `fast_rnnt` ?

Use

```
export FT_CMAKE_ARGS="-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DFT_WITH_CUDA=OFF"
export FT_MAKE_ARGS="-j"
pip install --verbose fast_rnnt
```

It will pass `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DFT_WITH_CUDA=OFF` to `cmake`.

### Where to get help if I have problems with the installation ?

Please file an issue at <https://github.com/danpovey/fast_rnnt/issues>
and describe your problem there.

## Usage

### For rnnt_loss_simple

This is a simple case of the RNN-T loss, where the joiner network is just
addition.

```python
am = torch.randn((B, T, C), dtype=torch.float32)
lm = torch.randn((B, S + 1, C), dtype=torch.float32)
symbols = torch.randint(0, C, (B, S))

> termination_symbol = 0

Reviewer: In RNN-T, people are usually more comfortable with the blank symbol, not the termination symbol, I think.

## Benchmarking

The [repo](https://github.com/csukuangfj/transducer-loss-benchmarking) compares the speed and memory usage of several transducer losses, the summary in the following table is taken from there, you can check the repository for more details.

> Note: As we declare above, `fast_rnnt` also implements in [k2](https://github.com/k2-fsa/k2) project, so `k2` and `fast_rnnt` are equivalent in the benchmarking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: As we declared above, `fast_rnnt` is also implemented in [k2](https://github.com/k2-fsa/k2) project, so `k2` and `fast_rnnt` are equivalent in the benchmarking.
```
